From when I (32F) first started the depo shot at 15, my life began to spiral. My OB told me, right before I went in for surgery, there is no possible way I can gain weight from the shot.

I started gaining crazy weight, losing my beautiful hair, and would not get my period for 18 months after dropping the shot.

I gained weight so rapidly, so aggressively. I lost my hair just as fast. For 15 years I was a stranger in a prison of flesh. I didn’t recognize myself, I didn’t go outside, I didn’t leave my room, I didn’t let anyone touch me. I got so depressed that I didn’t take care of basic needs. I was too ashamed to shower, too apathetic to brush my teeth. Let me be clear: I wanted my life to be over.

Doctors insulted me outright. No one took my PCOS seriously. I’ve been laughed at, talked down to, even called names by doctors. “You need to exercise” “lay off the sweets” I wanted to scream. I thought I’d live the rest of my life looking like this…

I really cannot convey the pain and despair I felt for so, so long. I lost 90% of my hair. I was pushing 350 lbs. Working out didn’t work, dieting didn’t work, my dr said metformin is only going to maybe take 15lbs off. They put me on diet pills that push out fats but spoiler alert - I don’t eat fats. I barely even eat. I look down when I pass mirrors because I’m so ASHAMED.

November of 2023 my new PCP, the only one that never insulted me and actually listened to what I had to say, suggested a new med that had been out for 4/5 months: Zepbound. She said “I don’t know if it’ll work so let’s temper our expectations” by this point, I had been self harming. I didn’t care anymore. Sure. Why not?

This month, I’ve had my 12th consecutive period, after not having it for months - sometimes YEARS - at a time. I weigh 135lbs. My hair never came back but it’s not falling out anymore. I brush my teeth. I shower. I get dressed. I go out. I smile. I wear makeup. I LOOK IN THE MIRROR.

I started Zepbound in May of ‘24, I lost 100lbs by February ‘25. Today, I’m at my goal weight. My Dr says that it’s very clear something was metabolically wrong by the response I’ve had to this medication. The road was long and so hard. From March ‘24 I went up each dose until I was on the max dose of 15mg in Nov ‘24and I was as sick as a dog. I’d have given up anything for these results so I didn’t care.

I really want a baby. This is my new goal. I have so much loving, living, and happiness to make up for.

If I can overcome this - so can you. I haven’t even listed half of what I’ve been through because of this in these last 15, almost 16, years. Don’t give up. There is hope for us girls.

If you made it this far, thank you for letting me share my journey. Please feel free to reach out if you ever need ANYTHING, even just to rant.

PS: today I start some rosemary & black castor oil in my hair. I really would like to get it back instead of wearing a wig - but it’s okay!!!!! Wish me luck!